feat: Dev Portal custom attributes (#1830)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/dev-portal/apis.md

If [RBAC](/dev-portal/security-settings/) is enabled, approved developers must be assigned to a [Team](/dev-portal/access-and-approval/) to access the API.

## Filtering published APIs in Dev Portal

You can filter and categorize published APIs on your Dev Portals with custom attributes. By assigning attributes to an API, like `Internal` or `Platform: Web`, this allows users to filter APIs in the Dev Portal sidebar. 

> For more information about how to add custom attributes to APIs, see the [MDC documentation](https://portaldocs.konghq.com/components/).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about how to add custom attributes to APIs, see the [MDC documentation](https://portaldocs.konghq.com/getting-started).
```

> For more information about how to add custom attributes to APIs, see the [MDC documentation](https://portaldocs.konghq.com/components/apis-list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to utilize the custom attributes for filtering APIs displayed in your Dev Portal, see the [MDC documentation](https://portaldocs.konghq.com/components/apis-list).
```
